fix(curriculum): replace self-closing with void element#55342 (#56303)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/16-the-odin-project/top-links-and-images/links-and-images-lesson-e.md

Websites would be fairly boring if they could only display text. Luckily HTML provides a wide variety of elements for displaying all sorts of different media. The most widely used of these is the image element.

> To display an image in HTML you use the `<img>` element. Unlike the other elements you have encountered, the `<img>` is void element. Empty, void  HTML elements do not need a closing tag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To display an image in HTML you use the `<img>` element. Unlike the other elements you have encountered, the `<img>` is a void element. Empty, void HTML elements do not need a closing tag.
```

Reviewer 2: This change has not been applied.

> To display an image in HTML you use the `<img>` element. Unlike the other elements you have encountered, the `<img>` is a void element. Empty, void HTML elements do not need a closing tag.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To display an image in HTML you use the `<img>` element. Unlike the other elements you have encountered, the `<img>` is a void element. Void elements cannot have content and do not need a closing tag.
```
